I walked through the door with you, the air was cold
But something 'bout it felt like home somehow
And I left my scarf there at your sister's house
And you've still got it in your drawer even now
Oh, your sweet disposition and my wide-eyed gaze
We're singing in the car, getting lost Upstate
Autumn leaves falling down like pieces into place
And I can picture it after all these days
And I know it's long gone
And that magic's not here no more
And I might be okay
But I'm not fine at all
'Cause there we are again on that little town street
You almost ran the red 'cause you were looking over at me
Wind in my hair, I was there, I remember it all too well
Photo album on the counter, your cheeks were turning red
You used to be a little kid with glasses in a twin-sized bed
And your mother's telling stories 'bout you on a tee-ball team
You tell me 'bout your past, thinking your future was me
And I know it's long gone
And there was nothing else I could do
And I forget about you long enough
To forget why I needed to
'Cause there we are again in the middle of the night
We're dancing 'round the kitchen in the refrigerator light
Down the stairs, I was there, I remember it all too well, yeah
Maybe we got lost in translation, maybe I asked for too much
But maybe this thing was a masterpiece 'til you tore it all up
Running scared, I was there, I remember it all too well
And you call me up again just to break me like a promise
So casually cruel in the name of being honest
I'm a crumpled up piece of paper lying here
'Cause I remember it all, all, all... too well
Time won't fly, it's like I'm paralyzed by it
I'd like to be my old self again, but I'm still trying to find it
After plaid shirt days and nights when you made me your own
Now you mail back my things and I walk home alone
But you keep my old scarf from that very first week
'Cause it reminds you of innocence and it smells like me
You can't get rid of it 'cause you remember it all too well, yeah
'Cause there we are again, when I loved you so
Back before you lost the one real thing you've ever known
It was rare, I was there, I remember it all too well
Wind in my hair, you were there, you remember it all
Down the stairs, you were there, you remember it all
It was rare, I was there, I remember it all too wellWe were both young when I first saw you
I close my eyes and the flashback starts:
I'm standing there
On a balcony in summer air
See the lights, see the party, the ball gowns
See you make your way through the crowd
And say, "Hello."
Little did I know
That you were Romeo, you were throwing pebbles
And my daddy said, "Stay away from Juliet."
And I was crying on the staircase
Begging you, "Please don't go."
And I said
"Romeo, take me somewhere we can be alone
I'll be waiting. All there's left to do is run
You'll be the prince and I'll be the princess
It's a love story. Baby, just say 'Yes'."
So, I sneak out to the garden to see you
We keep quiet 'cause we're dead if they knew
So, close your eyes
Escape this town for a little while
Oh, oh
'Cause you were Romeo. I was a scarlet letter
And my daddy said, "Stay away from Juliet."
But you were everything to me
I was begging you, "Please don't go!"
And I said
"Romeo, take me somewhere we can be alone
I'll be waiting. All there's left to do is run
You'll be the prince and I'll be the princess
It's a love story. Baby, just say 'Yes'
Romeo, save me. They're tryna tell me how to feel
This love is difficult but it's real
Don't be afraid. We'll make it out of this mess
It's a love story. Baby, just say 'Yes'."
Oh, oh, oh
I got tired of waiting
Wondering if you were ever coming around
My faith in you was fading
When I met you on the outskirts of town
And I said
"Romeo, save me. I've been feeling so alone
I keep waiting for you, but you never come
Is this in my head? I don't know what to think."
He knelt to the ground and pulled out a ring and said
"Marry me, Juliet. You'll never have to be alone
I love you, and that's all I really know
I talked to your dad. Go pick out a white dress
It's a love story. Baby, just say 'Yes'."
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
'Cause we were both young when I first saw youYou're on the phone with your girlfriend
She's upset, she's going off about something that you said
'Cause she doesn't get your humor like I do
I'm in the room, it's a typical Tuesday night
I'm listening to the kind of music she doesn't like
And she'll never know your story like I do
But she wears short skirts
I wear T-shirts
She's cheer captain
And I'm on the bleachers
Dreaming about the day when you wake up and find
That what you're looking for has been here the whole time
If you could see
That I'm the one
Who understands you
Been here all along
So, why can't you see
You belong with me
You belong with me
Walk in the streets with you in your worn-out jeans
I can't help thinking this is how it ought to be
Laughing on a park bench thinking to myself
"Hey, isn't this easy?"
And you've got a smile
That could light up this whole town
I haven't seen it in a while
Since she brought you down
You say you're fine I know you better than that
Hey, what you doing with a girl like that?
She wears high heels
I wear sneakers
She's cheer captain
And I'm on the bleachers
Dreaming about the day when you wake up and find
That what you're looking for has been here the whole time
If you could see
That I'm the one
Who understands you
Been here all along
So, why can't you see
You belong with me
Standing by and waiting at your backdoor
All this time how could you not know, baby?
You belong with me
You belong with me
Oh, I remember you driving to my house
In the middle of the night
I'm the one who makes you laugh
When you know you're 'bout to cry
I know your favorite songs
And you tell me about your dreams
Think I know where you belong
Think I know it's with me
Can't you see
That I'm the one
Who understands you?
Been here all along
So, why can't you see
You belong with me
Standing by and waiting at your backdoor
All this time how could you not know, baby?
You belong with me
You belong with me
You belong with me
Have you ever thought just maybe
You belong with me?
You belong with me